DTM - Groups as assets (#2792)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-types-bundle/asset-models.md

- To add/update/delete/import asset models: CREATE/ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory"
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

### Default asset models
#### Group asset model

> Groups are used in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to organize devices or other groups. The default **Group** asset model allows any group to be treated as an asset, providing a unified, flexible, and consistent approach to managing assets. Unlike other asset models in Digital Twin Manager application, the Group asset model does not enforce hierarchical relationships.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups are used in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to organize devices or other groups. The default group asset model allows any group to be treated as an asset, providing a unified, flexible, and consistent approach to managing assets. Unlike other asset models in the Digital Twin Manager application, the group asset model does not enforce hierarchical relationships.
```

> ##### Characteristics of Group asset model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Characteristics of the group asset model
```

- Available by default, it cannot be deleted.

> - Only a few fields, such as label, description, and icon, can be updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allows updating of label, description, and icon for the model
```

> - Allows updating of label, description, and icon for the model. This can be restricted by setting the value of the flag **isDefaultGroupEditDisabled** to "true" in the Application options. For details, refer [Application options](/docs/web/application-configuration/#application-options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows updating of label, description, and icon for the model. This can be restricted by setting the value of the flag **isDefaultGroupEditDisabled** to "true" in the application options. For details, refer to [Application options](/docs/web/application-configuration/#application-options).
```
